# adventofsql
Repository for participating in the upcoming Advent of SQL event, which will be live from December 1st on its 
[website](https://www.adventofsql.com/). I don't yet know what the exact setup of the challenges will be, but I want to be well prepared! 
PostgresQL (the main target of the event) is a new flavour of SQL for me, so with this initial setup I want to make 
sure I have the general setup tested and can hit the ground running coming December.

Will you join too? Submit your email adress on the website!

## Setup(s)

In preparation for the event, I might play around with the following setups:
- In general, have SQL queries in .sql files, instead of embedded in .py, .rs or whatever other files.
- Have a pure SQL implementation supported, with no other languages used
- Have a Python template script that can allow for additional post-query processing where needed, easier or faster
  - Still, the SQL query would be in the .sql files, and then loaded in and fed to psycopg or whatever else I will use. 
  - In practice, this kind of setup would probably be one I would more often use, so if I resort to this, that is not
    a failure in my eyes. Still, I will aim to also have a pure SQL solution for each day if that is not much more extra
    effort
- Similarly, also have a Rust template script, just because why not? If some puzzle seems to have a component that
    to me seems more suited to Rust than pure-SQL or Python, then it's good to have this going.
- All three solutions can be triggered in a similar way, like from the same Makefile with a toggle at the top.
- A template solution is generated by running from another (top-level) a Makefile that copies over to a new folder.
